Spartans Bugle Corps WordPress site Spartans Bugle Corps Spartans Bugle Corps — WordPress site today Spartan Store New J oin M edia S chedule M embers S upport bout C ontact Spartans Bugle Corps Posts January Camp New members January Camp Saturday Morning January Sunday afternoon January  Camp AM registration Nashua Boys Girls Club Grand Ave Nashua NH  Camp meals music time preview […] January Dates New Year  The month January feature practice events corps  On Sunday January host day practice AM PM Boys Club Nashua  This brass percussion  Then Friday night January Nashua Boys Club […] Into December/January… everyone house weekend  The practice sessions Nashua Boys Girls Club Sunday December  Sunday December January  All practice sessions AM PM  New Members Registration place […] … Camp Info Registration camp weekend AM Nashua Boys Girls Club  The camp Noon  If Sunday registration AM  The camp weekend end PM Sunday Nashua Boys Girls Club […] Information parents family November Camp Weekend corps host meetings November Camp weekend parents member corps  The meetings place Nashua Boys Girls Club PM Saturday Sunday meetings […] November Camp weekend members corps camp weekend camp Saturday November nd Noon Sunday November rd PM   fee weekend person meals instruction music […] Time Recruit corps house weekend camp weekend Saturday November Sunday afternoon November  More details date  Those member Spartans banner top […] Wrap Congratulations members corps  Your work dedication corps  We fans family members mile meal flag show corps  It everyone […] Tour Banquet week Tour hit road corps leaves Wednesday night week tour  To scores DCI org show information tour  Thank Spartans Awards Banquet Awards Banquet […] DCI Manchester Show Weekend Tour weekend corps New England area appearance DCI show Manchester NH Lemire Sports Complex Memorial HS  The corps PM  We hope family friends event corps start hit […] Navigation Media Members Blog Corps International Dynasty Percussion Remo Heads Sabian Cymbals Vic Firth Us Facebook Twitter Volunteer Sponsorship Contact Us © Spartans Bugle Corps Website TJ Kelly 